it serves a try to five little area of war the family will point to a
new duty station a lot of resources available to you especially in this
day and age with the internet first noticeable finally rolls of
dot com will be able to tell you right use of the school so if you have
a family that's the number one priority is getting into a good safe
school district so you can use that use the internet resources that
are available to you there's gonna be a at the base of the representation
to help you well frankly there just looking at the internet
which you yourself now walk at but I would downplay family services
they'll have a lot of people don't know about this every duty station
Phyllis services center at let's see we'll have a portable stove
available and we feel we start there if you have time to get to do
that